MILESTONES.md, before:

# Project Milestones

This document tracks major milestones and functionality checkpoints for the SPREE Media Manager project.

## v1.0.0-milestone (Current Stable Base)
**Tag**: `v1.0.0-milestone`  
**Branch**: `main`  
**Date**: July 6, 2025

### ✅ Complete Features
- **SPREE Branding Integration**
  - Custom color palette (purple: #312A72, yellow: #ffcd00)
  - Lexend font family throughout
  - SPREE logo and header/footer branding
  - Responsive design with mobile optimization

- **Frontend UI/UX**
  - Modern card-based interface
  - Conditional connect button display
  - Branded overlays and error handling
  - Image gallery with list and grid views
  - Advanced filtering system with file type buttons
  - Selection system for bulk operations
  - Download controls with ZIP functionality

- **Backend Architecture**
  - Robust theme image detection
  - Debug endpoints for troubleshooting
  - Image optimization analysis
  - Oversized image detection and recommendations
  - Sharp integration for image processing
  - Optimization savings calculations

- **Image Management**
  - List view with thumbnails and metadata
  - Dynamic file type filters (JPG, PNG, WebP, SVG, GIF)
  - Bulk selection and download
  - Individual image actions (view, download)
  - Oversized image warnings and recommendations
  - ZIP download with progress tracking

- **Technical Infrastructure**
  - Node.js/Express backend
  - Shopify API integration
  - Git version control with GitHub integration
  - Environment configuration
  - Error handling and notifications

### 📁 Key Files
- `index.html` - Main frontend interface
- `styles.css` - Complete SPREE branding and responsive CSS
- `app.js` - Frontend JavaScript logic
- `server.js` - Backend Express server
- `image-optimizer.js` - Image analysis and optimization
- `image-calculator.js` - Optimization savings calculations
- `package.json` - Dependencies and scripts

### 🔧 Working Functionality
1. **Shopify Authentication**: OAuth flow with proper error handling
2. **Theme Detection**: Automatic detection of Shopify theme assets
3. **Image Analysis**: File size, dimensions, and optimization recommendations
4. **Filtering**: Search and filter by file type
5. **Bulk Operations**: Select all/individual images for download
6. **Optimization Insights**: Detailed savings calculations and recommendations
7. **Mobile Responsive**: Works on all device sizes

## Development Branch Strategy

### Current Development
**Branch**: `development`  
Use this branch for ongoing feature development and improvements.

### Creating New Milestones
When significant functionality is complete or before major changes:

```bash
# Create a new milestone tag
git tag -a v1.1.0-milestone -m "Description of milestone"

# Push the tag
git push origin v1.1.0-milestone

# Update this file with new milestone details
```

### Recovering Lost Functionality
If functionality is lost during development:

1. **Check current milestone**: Review this file for the last known working state
2. **Compare branches**: `git diff main development` to see what changed
3. **Cherry-pick fixes**: `git cherry-pick <commit-hash>` for specific fixes
4. **Reset to milestone**: `git reset --hard v1.0.0-milestone` as last resort

### Useful Git Commands
```bash
# List all milestones
git tag -l

# View milestone details
git show v1.0.0-milestone

# Switch to milestone state
git checkout v1.0.0-milestone

# Compare current state with milestone
git diff v1.0.0-milestone

# Return to development
git checkout development
```

## Future Milestones (Planned)

### v1.1.0-milestone (Planned)
- Enhanced image optimization features
- Batch processing improvements
- Additional file format support
- Performance optimizations

### v1.2.0-milestone (Planned)
- Advanced filtering options
- Image editing capabilities
- Automated optimization workflows
- Analytics and reporting features

---

**Note**: Always create a new milestone before implementing major changes or when completing significant feature sets. This ensures we can always recover working functionality.

Commit message:

Update workflow: Live development on main with milestone branches for recovery

MILESTONES.md, after:

# Project Milestones

This document tracks major milestones and functionality checkpoints for the SPREE Media Manager project.

## v1.0.0-milestone (Current Stable Base)
**Tag**: `v1.0.0-milestone`  
**Branch**: `main`  
**Date**: July 6, 2025

### ✅ Complete Features
- **SPREE Branding Integration**
  - Custom color palette (purple: #312A72, yellow: #ffcd00)
  - Lexend font family throughout
  - SPREE logo and header/footer branding
  - Responsive design with mobile optimization

- **Frontend UI/UX**
  - Modern card-based interface
  - Conditional connect button display
  - Branded overlays and error handling
  - Image gallery with list and grid views
  - Advanced filtering system with file type buttons
  - Selection system for bulk operations
  - Download controls with ZIP functionality

- **Backend Architecture**
  - Robust theme image detection
  - Debug endpoints for troubleshooting
  - Image optimization analysis
  - Oversized image detection and recommendations
  - Sharp integration for image processing
  - Optimization savings calculations

- **Image Management**
  - List view with thumbnails and metadata
  - Dynamic file type filters (JPG, PNG, WebP, SVG, GIF)
  - Bulk selection and download
  - Individual image actions (view, download)
  - Oversized image warnings and recommendations
  - ZIP download with progress tracking

- **Technical Infrastructure**
  - Node.js/Express backend
  - Shopify API integration
  - Git version control with GitHub integration
  - Environment configuration
  - Error handling and notifications

### 📁 Key Files
- `index.html` - Main frontend interface
- `styles.css` - Complete SPREE branding and responsive CSS
- `app.js` - Frontend JavaScript logic
- `server.js` - Backend Express server
- `image-optimizer.js` - Image analysis and optimization
- `image-calculator.js` - Optimization savings calculations
- `package.json` - Dependencies and scripts

### 🔧 Working Functionality
1. **Shopify Authentication**: OAuth flow with proper error handling
2. **Theme Detection**: Automatic detection of Shopify theme assets
3. **Image Analysis**: File size, dimensions, and optimization recommendations
4. **Filtering**: Search and filter by file type
5. **Bulk Operations**: Select all/individual images for download
6. **Optimization Insights**: Detailed savings calculations and recommendations
7. **Mobile Responsive**: Works on all device sizes

## Development Workflow Strategy

### Live Development on Main
**Branch**: `main` (for immediate live deployment)  
Work directly on main branch for real-time changes to the live site.

### Creating Milestone Branches
Before major changes or when significant functionality is complete:

```bash
# Create a milestone branch from current main state
git checkout -b milestone-v1.1.0
git push -u origin milestone-v1.1.0

# Return to main for continued development
git checkout main

# Optional: Create a tag as well
git tag -a v1.1.0-milestone -m "Description of milestone"
git push origin v1.1.0-milestone
```

### Recovering Lost Functionality
If functionality is lost during development on main:

1. **Check milestone branches**: Review this file for the last known working state
2. **Compare with milestone**: `git diff milestone-v1.0.0` to see what changed
3. **Cherry-pick fixes**: `git cherry-pick <commit-hash>` from milestone branch
4. **Reset to milestone**: `git reset --hard milestone-v1.0.0` as last resort
5. **Restore specific files**: `git checkout milestone-v1.0.0 -- filename.js`

### Useful Git Commands
```bash
# List all milestones
git tag -l

# View milestone details
git show v1.0.0-milestone

# Switch to milestone state
git checkout v1.0.0-milestone

# Compare current state with milestone
git diff v1.0.0-milestone

# Return to development
git checkout development
```

## Future Milestones (Planned)

### v1.1.0-milestone (Planned)
- Enhanced image optimization features
- Batch processing improvements
- Additional file format support
- Performance optimizations

### v1.2.0-milestone (Planned)
- Advanced filtering options
- Image editing capabilities
- Automated optimization workflows
- Analytics and reporting features

---

**Note**: Always create a new milestone before implementing major changes or when completing significant feature sets. This ensures we can always recover working functionality.
